README.md, before:

# Awesome Github CLI Extensions [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

Learn more about github cli extensions [here](https://cli.github.com).

Or start creating new extension [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github-cli/github-cli/creating-github-cli-extensions).

See all public repositories matching `gh-extension` topic [here](https://github.com/topics/gh-extension).

Table of Contents
=================
- [Awesome Github CLI Extensions ](#awesome-github-cli-extensions-)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Git](#git)
  - [Github](#github)
  - [GitHub Education](#github-education)
  - [Tool](#tool)
  - [Fun](#fun)
  
## Git

- [**branch**](https://github.com/mislav/gh-branch) - Extension for fuzzy finding, quickly switching between and deleting branches.
- [**clean-branches**](https://github.com/davidraviv/gh-clean-branches) - Safely delete local branches that have no remotes and no hanging changes.
- [**poi**](https://github.com/seachicken/gh-poi) - Safely clean up your local branches.
- [**tidy**](https://github.com/HaywardMorihara/gh-tidy) - Extension for tidying your Git workspace.
- [**subrepo**](https://github.com/teaglebuilt/gh-subrepo) - Extension for managing git submodules

## Github

- [**actions-cache**](https://github.com/actions/gh-actions-cache) - Extension to manage the GitHub Actions caches being used in a GitHub repository.
- [**actions-status**](https://github.com/rsese/gh-actions-status) - An extension to view the overall health of an organization's use of actions.
- [**bump**](https://github.com/johnmanjiro13/gh-bump) - Extension for bumping version of a repository.
- [**combine-prs**](https://github.com/rnorth/gh-combine-prs) - An extension for GitHub CLI that combines multiple PRs into one.
- [**cp**](https://github.com/mislav/gh-cp) - Extension to copy a file from a GitHub repository locally without cloning the repository.
- [**dash**](https://github.com/dlvhdr/gh-dash) - Extension to display a dashboard of PRs and issues - configurable with a beautiful UI.
- [**eco**](https://github.com/thatvegandev/gh-eco) - Extension to explore github ecosystem, like github profile, etc.
- [**gei**](https://github.com/github/gh-gei) - Extension to help you move your enterprise to GitHub Enterprise Cloud.
- [**get-asset**](https://github.com/chmouel/gh-get-asset) - Fetch an asset (ie: binary) from a GitHub release.
- [**gitignore**](https://github.com/garnertb/gh-gitignore) - Load gitignore files from GitHub into your project.
- [**gr**](https://github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr) - Pull, push and check status on multiple GitHub repositories at once.
- [**hook**](https://github.com/lucasmelin/gh-hook) - Extension to easily manage your github repository webhooks.
- [**label**](https://github.com/heaths/gh-label) - Extension for issue label management.
- [**look**](https://github.com/LangLangBart/gh-look) - Interactive gh tool: drop an emoji, write comments, star repositories, etc.
- [**ls**](https://github.com/wuwe1/gh-ls) - GitHub CLI to list contents of GitHub repo.
- [**metrics**](https://github.com/hectcastro/gh-metrics) - Extension that provides summary pull request metrics.
- [**milestone**](https://github.com/valeriobelli/gh-milestone) - GitHub CLI extension for managing milestones.
- [**net**](https://github.com/github/gh-net) - Network bridge for [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces).
- [**notify**](https://github.com/meiji163/gh-notify) - Extension to display GitHub notifications.
- [**org-users**](https://github.com/yermulnik/gh-org-users) - GH CLI extension to list all GitHub Org users.
- [**profile**](https://github.com/gabe565/gh-profile) - Extension that allows you to use multiple GitHub accounts with the gh cli.
- [**projects**](https://github.com/github/gh-projects) - Official extension for managing your github projects.
- [**pulls**](https://github.com/AaronMoat/gh-pulls) - View all open pull requests you have created.
- [**repo-collab**](https://github.com/mislav/gh-repo-collab) - Extension to manage repository collaborators.
- [**stars**](https://github.com/aymanbagabas/gh-stars) - GitHub stargazers in your terminal.
- [**sql**](https://github.com/KOBA789/gh-sql) - Query GitHub Projects (beta) with SQL.
- [**token**](https://github.com/Link-/gh-token) - Create an installation access token for a GitHub app from your terminal.
- [**user-status**](https://github.com/vilmibm/gh-user-status) - Set and get github user statuses.
- [**xplr**](https://github.com/sayanarijit/gh-xplr) - Explore GitHub repos using xplr via GitHub CLI.

## GitHub Education

* [**classroom**](https://github.com/github/gh-classroom) - Official extension for GitHub Classroom.
* [**org-clone**](https://github.com/gh-cli-for-education/gh-org-clone) - Clone GitHub Classroom assignments in an easy way
* [**org-browse-repo**](https://github.com/gh-cli-for-education/gh-org-browse-repo) -  Browse and get stats from student repos 
* [**org-members**](https://github.com/gh-cli-for-education/gh-org-members) - Obtain  information about the students of a GitHub classroom organization
* [**org-teams**](https://github.com/gh-cli-for-education/gh-org-teams) - Get info about the teams of a GitHub classroom organization

## Tool

- [**changelog**](https://github.com/chelnak/gh-changelog) - Extension for creating changelogs that adhere to the [keep a changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) specification.
- [**cl**](https://github.com/tmkx/gh-cl) - Get changelog of npm packages fastly.
- [**clone-org**](https://github.com/matt-bartel/gh-clone-org) - Extension script to clone all repositories in an organization.
- [**collab-scanner**](https://github.com/nicokosi/gh-collab-scanner) - Extension that displays collaboration-related information about a repository.
- [**describe**](https://github.com/proudust/gh-describe) - Emulate `git describe --tags` in shallow clone repository.
- [**difftool**](https://github.com/speedyleion/gh-difftool) - Launches a difftool to show the differences of a pull request.
- [**download**](https://github.com/yuler/gh-download) - Extension to download folders/files without cloning the repository.
- [**fire**](https://github.com/maximousblk/gh-fire) - Extention that helps in the event of an emergency.
- [**fzrepo**](https://github.com/sheepla/gh-fzrepo) - Extension for GitHub CLI to browse repositories with fzf.
- [**f**](https://github.com/gennaro-tedesco/gh-f) - The ultimate compact fzf gh extension.
- [**gp**](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gh-gp) - Extension to work with GitHub repositories with Gitpod.
- [**grep**](https://github.com/k1LoW/gh-grep) - Print lines matching a pattern in repositories using GitHub API.
- [**home**](https://github.com/norwd/gh-home) - GitHub CLI extension to checkout main and pull.
- [**install**](https://github.com/redraw/gh-install) - Install GitHub release binaries from the CLI interactively.
- [**markdown-preview**](https://github.com/yusukebe/gh-markdown-preview) - GitHub CLI extension to preview Markdown looks like GitHub.
- [**py**](https://github.com/JessicaTegner/gh-py) - Write gh extensions from python, that's portable, with full support for installing packages.
- [**releaser**](https://github.com/carlsberg/gh-releaser) - Extension to simplify starting and closing releases in GitFlow-based projects.
- [**repo-explore**](https://github.com/samcoe/gh-repo-explore) - Extension to interactively explore a repo without cloning.
- [**resto**](https://github.com/abdfnx/gh-resto) - a CLI app to send HTTP and API requests with beautiful TUI.
- [**s**](https://github.com/gennaro-tedesco/gh-s) - Search GitHub repositories interactively from the command line.
- [**semver**](https://github.com/koozz/gh-semver) - This GitHub CLI extension can be used determine the semantic version to release.
- [**timer**](https://github.com/anmalkov/gh-timer) - Extension that runs a timer or stopwatch.
- [**user-stars**](https://github.com/korosuke613/gh-user-stars) - Extension that displays an interactive list of your github stars.
- [**validate-repo**](https://github.com/govindsme/gh-validate-repo) - Extension that validates a cloned reposiory against a list of checks.
- [**workon**](https://github.com/chmouel/gh-workon/) - Create a branch or a commit message from an issue title and assign yourself to it.

## Fun

- [**bofh**](https://github.com/fundor333/gh-bofh) - Because you need a BOFH inside GH.
- [**chat**](https://github.com/vilmibm/gh-chat) - Chatting in the github cli.
- [**contrib**](https://github.com/mislav/gh-contrib) - Extension to render your contribution graph in the terminal.
- [**contribs**](https://github.com/mintarchit/gh-contribs) - Show Github contribution graph via cli
- [**graph**](https://github.com/kawarimidoll/gh-graph) - Display GitHub contribution graph in your terminal.
- [**inspire**](https://github.com/lakuapik/gh-inspire) - Get inspiration quotes from github cli.
- [**oblique**](https://github.com/vilmibm/gh-oblique) - Extension that prints one of the oblique strategies.
- [**ost**](https://github.com/mattn/gh-ost) - Extension to meet ghost, boo!
- [**screensaver**](https://github.com/vilmibm/gh-screensaver) - Extension that runs animated terminal "screensavers".
- [**userfetch**](https://github.com/sheepla/gh-userfetch) - Extension for GitHub CLI to show your GitHub profile.

Commit message:

Add gh-sub-issue to GitHub extensions
Add gh-sub-issue extension for managing sub-issues (child issues) and creating hierarchical task structures

README.md, after:

# Awesome Github CLI Extensions [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

Learn more about github cli extensions [here](https://cli.github.com).

Or start creating new extension [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github-cli/github-cli/creating-github-cli-extensions).

See all public repositories matching `gh-extension` topic [here](https://github.com/topics/gh-extension).

Table of Contents
=================
- [Awesome Github CLI Extensions ](#awesome-github-cli-extensions-)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Git](#git)
  - [Github](#github)
  - [GitHub Education](#github-education)
  - [Tool](#tool)
  - [Fun](#fun)
  
## Git

- [**branch**](https://github.com/mislav/gh-branch) - Extension for fuzzy finding, quickly switching between and deleting branches.
- [**clean-branches**](https://github.com/davidraviv/gh-clean-branches) - Safely delete local branches that have no remotes and no hanging changes.
- [**poi**](https://github.com/seachicken/gh-poi) - Safely clean up your local branches.
- [**tidy**](https://github.com/HaywardMorihara/gh-tidy) - Extension for tidying your Git workspace.
- [**subrepo**](https://github.com/teaglebuilt/gh-subrepo) - Extension for managing git submodules

## Github

- [**actions-cache**](https://github.com/actions/gh-actions-cache) - Extension to manage the GitHub Actions caches being used in a GitHub repository.
- [**actions-status**](https://github.com/rsese/gh-actions-status) - An extension to view the overall health of an organization's use of actions.
- [**bump**](https://github.com/johnmanjiro13/gh-bump) - Extension for bumping version of a repository.
- [**combine-prs**](https://github.com/rnorth/gh-combine-prs) - An extension for GitHub CLI that combines multiple PRs into one.
- [**cp**](https://github.com/mislav/gh-cp) - Extension to copy a file from a GitHub repository locally without cloning the repository.
- [**dash**](https://github.com/dlvhdr/gh-dash) - Extension to display a dashboard of PRs and issues - configurable with a beautiful UI.
- [**eco**](https://github.com/thatvegandev/gh-eco) - Extension to explore github ecosystem, like github profile, etc.
- [**gei**](https://github.com/github/gh-gei) - Extension to help you move your enterprise to GitHub Enterprise Cloud.
- [**get-asset**](https://github.com/chmouel/gh-get-asset) - Fetch an asset (ie: binary) from a GitHub release.
- [**gitignore**](https://github.com/garnertb/gh-gitignore) - Load gitignore files from GitHub into your project.
- [**gr**](https://github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr) - Pull, push and check status on multiple GitHub repositories at once.
- [**hook**](https://github.com/lucasmelin/gh-hook) - Extension to easily manage your github repository webhooks.
- [**label**](https://github.com/heaths/gh-label) - Extension for issue label management.
- [**look**](https://github.com/LangLangBart/gh-look) - Interactive gh tool: drop an emoji, write comments, star repositories, etc.
- [**ls**](https://github.com/wuwe1/gh-ls) - GitHub CLI to list contents of GitHub repo.
- [**metrics**](https://github.com/hectcastro/gh-metrics) - Extension that provides summary pull request metrics.
- [**milestone**](https://github.com/valeriobelli/gh-milestone) - GitHub CLI extension for managing milestones.
- [**net**](https://github.com/github/gh-net) - Network bridge for [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces).
- [**notify**](https://github.com/meiji163/gh-notify) - Extension to display GitHub notifications.
- [**org-users**](https://github.com/yermulnik/gh-org-users) - GH CLI extension to list all GitHub Org users.
- [**profile**](https://github.com/gabe565/gh-profile) - Extension that allows you to use multiple GitHub accounts with the gh cli.
- [**projects**](https://github.com/github/gh-projects) - Official extension for managing your github projects.
- [**pulls**](https://github.com/AaronMoat/gh-pulls) - View all open pull requests you have created.
- [**repo-collab**](https://github.com/mislav/gh-repo-collab) - Extension to manage repository collaborators.
- [**stars**](https://github.com/aymanbagabas/gh-stars) - GitHub stargazers in your terminal.
- [**sql**](https://github.com/KOBA789/gh-sql) - Query GitHub Projects (beta) with SQL.
- [**sub-issue**](https://github.com/yahsan2/gh-sub-issue) - Manage sub-issues (child issues) and create hierarchical task structures by linking issues as parent-child relationships.
- [**token**](https://github.com/Link-/gh-token) - Create an installation access token for a GitHub app from your terminal.
- [**user-status**](https://github.com/vilmibm/gh-user-status) - Set and get github user statuses.
- [**xplr**](https://github.com/sayanarijit/gh-xplr) - Explore GitHub repos using xplr via GitHub CLI.

## GitHub Education

* [**classroom**](https://github.com/github/gh-classroom) - Official extension for GitHub Classroom.
* [**org-clone**](https://github.com/gh-cli-for-education/gh-org-clone) - Clone GitHub Classroom assignments in an easy way
* [**org-browse-repo**](https://github.com/gh-cli-for-education/gh-org-browse-repo) -  Browse and get stats from student repos 
* [**org-members**](https://github.com/gh-cli-for-education/gh-org-members) - Obtain  information about the students of a GitHub classroom organization
* [**org-teams**](https://github.com/gh-cli-for-education/gh-org-teams) - Get info about the teams of a GitHub classroom organization

## Tool

- [**changelog**](https://github.com/chelnak/gh-changelog) - Extension for creating changelogs that adhere to the [keep a changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) specification.
- [**cl**](https://github.com/tmkx/gh-cl) - Get changelog of npm packages fastly.
- [**clone-org**](https://github.com/matt-bartel/gh-clone-org) - Extension script to clone all repositories in an organization.
- [**collab-scanner**](https://github.com/nicokosi/gh-collab-scanner) - Extension that displays collaboration-related information about a repository.
- [**describe**](https://github.com/proudust/gh-describe) - Emulate `git describe --tags` in shallow clone repository.
- [**difftool**](https://github.com/speedyleion/gh-difftool) - Launches a difftool to show the differences of a pull request.
- [**download**](https://github.com/yuler/gh-download) - Extension to download folders/files without cloning the repository.
- [**fire**](https://github.com/maximousblk/gh-fire) - Extention that helps in the event of an emergency.
- [**fzrepo**](https://github.com/sheepla/gh-fzrepo) - Extension for GitHub CLI to browse repositories with fzf.
- [**f**](https://github.com/gennaro-tedesco/gh-f) - The ultimate compact fzf gh extension.
- [**gp**](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gh-gp) - Extension to work with GitHub repositories with Gitpod.
- [**grep**](https://github.com/k1LoW/gh-grep) - Print lines matching a pattern in repositories using GitHub API.
- [**home**](https://github.com/norwd/gh-home) - GitHub CLI extension to checkout main and pull.
- [**install**](https://github.com/redraw/gh-install) - Install GitHub release binaries from the CLI interactively.
- [**markdown-preview**](https://github.com/yusukebe/gh-markdown-preview) - GitHub CLI extension to preview Markdown looks like GitHub.
- [**py**](https://github.com/JessicaTegner/gh-py) - Write gh extensions from python, that's portable, with full support for installing packages.
- [**releaser**](https://github.com/carlsberg/gh-releaser) - Extension to simplify starting and closing releases in GitFlow-based projects.
- [**repo-explore**](https://github.com/samcoe/gh-repo-explore) - Extension to interactively explore a repo without cloning.
- [**resto**](https://github.com/abdfnx/gh-resto) - a CLI app to send HTTP and API requests with beautiful TUI.
- [**s**](https://github.com/gennaro-tedesco/gh-s) - Search GitHub repositories interactively from the command line.
- [**semver**](https://github.com/koozz/gh-semver) - This GitHub CLI extension can be used determine the semantic version to release.
- [**timer**](https://github.com/anmalkov/gh-timer) - Extension that runs a timer or stopwatch.
- [**user-stars**](https://github.com/korosuke613/gh-user-stars) - Extension that displays an interactive list of your github stars.
- [**validate-repo**](https://github.com/govindsme/gh-validate-repo) - Extension that validates a cloned reposiory against a list of checks.
- [**workon**](https://github.com/chmouel/gh-workon/) - Create a branch or a commit message from an issue title and assign yourself to it.

## Fun

- [**bofh**](https://github.com/fundor333/gh-bofh) - Because you need a BOFH inside GH.
- [**chat**](https://github.com/vilmibm/gh-chat) - Chatting in the github cli.
- [**contrib**](https://github.com/mislav/gh-contrib) - Extension to render your contribution graph in the terminal.
- [**contribs**](https://github.com/mintarchit/gh-contribs) - Show Github contribution graph via cli
- [**graph**](https://github.com/kawarimidoll/gh-graph) - Display GitHub contribution graph in your terminal.
- [**inspire**](https://github.com/lakuapik/gh-inspire) - Get inspiration quotes from github cli.
- [**oblique**](https://github.com/vilmibm/gh-oblique) - Extension that prints one of the oblique strategies.
- [**ost**](https://github.com/mattn/gh-ost) - Extension to meet ghost, boo!
- [**screensaver**](https://github.com/vilmibm/gh-screensaver) - Extension that runs animated terminal "screensavers".
- [**userfetch**](https://github.com/sheepla/gh-userfetch) - Extension for GitHub CLI to show your GitHub profile.
